well howdy there internet people is
bubble again yeah we're gonna talk about
national emergencies in the height I've
tried to make this video few times
throughout the day first time I got mad
and it was not fit for public
consumption same time I was like why
just make you know a satire video make a
joke out of it and I got my vest and my
gas mask my helmet reporting live from
the national emergency but this ain't
funny
this isn't funny at all this is a
dangerous it's really dangerous and I'm
not sure people grasp it this is how
every democracy every Republican history
committed suicide it's how it happened
some made up trumped-up pardon upon that
emergency and this is this is made up
order apprehensions are at a 41 year low
there is no crisis there is no emergency
if Trump was smart he would have just
taken credit for that but he didn't mean
wants a monument to himself and I know
there's memes floating around talking
about the precedent its setting and the
different things that could be done when
the Democrats take power but they're not
really addressing the the real issue
because a lot of things they're pointing
out most Americans are like now well we
kind of need to do something about that
the real problem is that this is a
direct challenge to the legislative
branch there's a reason our government
is set up the way it is with three equal
branches of government no one person
should have this much power this is
dictatorial rule this was sent to
Congress it was rejected and he's doing
it anyway with a pen stroke
it's unnerving it is unnerving and yeah
there's memes that say well we could do
this or this that'll explain how though
and I think that's an important piece of
this national emergency as other
presidents have found out when they've
declared him and other presidents have
declared national emergencies there's
some still active they're not quite like
this though see a national emergency
can't create legislation can't create a
wall it can only modify it can only help
enforce let's take guns for example
because that's gonna be near and dear to
most of the people wearing red hat I
mean they're near to what's left of
their heart they wanted to come after
guns they'd have to find a law they'd
had to find some way to justify right
and you got a right you got a second
member right to own a firearm you do but
that right is an absolute the same
statute that prohibits felons from
owning firearm also prohibits drug
addicts well it's kind of like
immigration law isn't it real hard to
enforce so they need a wall they need a
metaphorical wall filter people out
urinalysis sounds like a good plan so
then just take a little money from DoD
start randomly testing people you don't
show up you lose your guns and since you
know there's some drugs that can be out
of your system in three days they'll
only give you two days notice hope you
don't have to work but see they don't
even have to do that they don't have to
come after the guns they can just come
after the ammo seize the factories
nationalize them we have an ammunition
shortage but there's not one there's not
a border crisis either all they have to
do is say it and convince enough
people that uh it exists so they just
cease the factories I hope you have been
saving your brass and know how to reload
well they can't just seize property do
you think the government owns all the
land along the border with that pen
stroke
he's stealing land from Americans at the
point of a government gun they're just
gonna take it climate change they can do
something with that have to frame it in
the national security setting though um
you know most of our military bases
there on the coast rising sea levels
buddy we need some new land your land
give it up you're supporting it now
forced vaccinations that's easy to frame
let's say hypothetically some idiot
pulled us out of a treaty dealing with
shorten intermediate range missiles well
we're at a greater risk for biological
warfare forced vaccinations anything can
be framed in a national security setting
and right now there's probably much
Democrats out there going I'm kind of
okay with a lot of it
okay you know the education gap between
US and other countries that's becoming
an a defense issue we don't have smart
enough people so we're going to take all
the schools and put them under DoD
control not such a good idea there's a
reason no one person is supposed to have
this much power and I know I know
let's just go ahead and save the
comments section on this
if they came after our guns it would be
civil war
well Sparky if the only time you're
willing to fight back and you're willing
to resist is if they come after your
guns they don't need to come after your
guns they can take everything worth
fighting for
away and you'll still be there clutching
your AR and that's the thing that
bothers me the most
the people who ideologically are
supposed to be just losing their minds
right now the three percenters the
oathkeepers the strict
constitutionalists there should be a
march on Washington from you guys
problem is y'all are all wearing red
hats you're so caught up in partisan
politics you don't see what's happening
Pandora's box is being opened and it's
extremely dangerous it is extremely
dangerous
the average American needs to start
leading themselves forget about what the
government is doing we don't have
leaders anymore we should certainly
don't have one in the Oval Office we
have a ruler this is how every democracy
in history's committed suicide
if the Senate and the house
representatives the Supreme Court do not
put an end to this immediately that's it
it's over the precedent is set and you
will see more and more power transfer to
the executive branch until we are just
another two-bit dictatorship Magga
y'all have a good night it's just a
thought